feat: add initial intellisense (#226)
mdx-js/vscode-mdx: packages/language-server/README.md

> # `@mdx-js/language-service`

Reviewer: same, `readme.md` as a filename

## What is this?

This package provides a [language server][lsp] for [MDX][].

> The language server provides intellisense based on [TypeScript][], as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language server provides IntelliSense based on [TypeScript][], as well as
```

some markdown specific features.

## When should I use this?

> You can use this package if you want to enhance your editor with intellisense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this package if you want to enhance your editor with IntelliSense
```

for [MDX][] files.
Some editors can consume this package directly, others need a plugin in order to
consume this package.

## Install

This package is not published yet.

## Use

> Usage of this package depends on your editor integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to use this package depends on your editor integration.
```

This package provides the CLI `mdx-language-server`.
Because this is based on [`vscode-languageserver`][vscode-languageserver], the
same transports are supported.

## Language server features

This language server supports the following features:

*   Markdown definitions
*   Markdown hover hints
*   TypeScript completions
*   TypeScript definitions
*   TypeScript diagnostics
*   TypeScript hover hints
*   TypeScript references

[MDX][] doesn’t support TypeScript syntax, but it does support
[types in JSDoc][jsdoc].
The special type `Props` is used to determine the type used for `props`.
For example:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

```mdx

> {/**
>   * @type {object} Props
>   * @property {string} name
>   * Who to greet.
>   */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{/**
  * @typedef Props
  * @property {string} name
  *   Who to greet.
  */}
```

Shouldn’t this be a `typedef`? In which case, the `{...}` part is unneeded if `property`s are there?

# Hello {props.name}
```

## Compatibility

Projects maintained by the unified collective are compatible with all maintained
versions of Node.js.
As of now, that is Node.js 14.14+ and 16.0+.
Our projects sometimes work with older versions, but this is not guaranteed.

This project uses [`vscode-languageserver`][vscode-languageserver] 7, which
implements language server protocol 3.17.0.
It should work anywhere where LSP 3.6.0 or later is implemented.

## Security

> This package provides intellisense for [MDX][] files.

Reviewer: I thought you changed most, but I still see `intellisense` here?

> This package provides intellisense for [MDX][] files.

Reviewer: Some more casing of `intellisense` -> `IntelliSense` likely in many files

Some intellisense features modify your source code, for example suggestions and
automatic refactors.
It is recommended to keep your source code under version control.

## Contribute

See [§ Contribute][contribute] on our website for ways to get started.
See [§ Support][support] for ways to get help.

This project has a [code of conduct][].
By interacting with this repository, organization, or community you agree to
abide by its terms.

## License

[MIT][] © [Remco Haszing][author]

[author]: https://github.com/remcohaszing

[code of conduct]: https://github.com/mdx-js/.github/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md

[contribute]: https://mdxjs.com/community/contribute/

[jsdoc]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/jsdoc-supported-types.html

[lsp]: https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol

[mdx]: https://mdxjs.com

> [mit]: LICENSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mit]: license
```

# `@mdx-js/language-service`

## What is this?

This package provides a [language server][lsp] for [MDX].
The language server provides intellisense based on [TypeScript], as well as some markdown specific
features.

## When should I use this?

You can use this package if you want to enhance your editor with intellisense for [MDX] files.
Some editors can consume this package directly, others need a plugin in order to consume this package.

## Install

This package is not published yet.

## Use

Usage of this package depends on your editor integration.

This package provides the CLI `mdx-language-server`.
Because this is based on [`vscode-languageserver`][vscode-languageserver], the same transports are supported.

## Language server features

This language server supports the following features:

- Markdown definitions
- Markdown hover hints
- TypeScript completions
- TypeScript definitions
- TypeScript diagnostics
- TypeScript hover hints

> - TypeScript references

Reviewer 2: Good idea to list the features!
Future enhancement: Potentially even better could be a recording of it. Or relevant links on what these features are.

Author: I like the idea of a small recording! Although I think it’s sufficient to add a recording to the VSCode extension readme instead. The language server doesn’t have a GUI on its own and editor experience may differ per client.

Last time I tried my screen recorder was broken though :sweat_smile: 

I don’t think it’s very useful to add links on what these features are. To me that feels like linking to the HTML specification to explain an end user what a website is: technical detail.
